#82 - add community standards files (#83)
blumilksoftware/blt: contributing.md

# Contributing to BLT

First off, thank you for considering contributing to our project. Your help is greatly appreciated!

## Table of Contents

1. [How Can I Contribute?](#how-can-i-contribute)
   - [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
   - [Suggesting Enhancements](#suggesting-enhancements)
   - [Submitting Pull Requests](#submitting-pull-requests)
2. [Style Guides](#style-guides)
   - [Git Commit Messages](#git-commit-messages)
   - [Code Style](#code-style)
3. [Getting Help](#getting-help)

## How Can I Contribute?

### Reporting Bugs

> If you find a bug, please open an issue [here](https://github.com/yourusername/yourproject/issues) and include as much detail as possible. Before creating a new issue, please check to see if the bug has already been reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you find a bug, please open an issue [here](https://github.com/blumilksoftware/blt/issues) and include as much detail as possible. Before creating a new issue, please check to see if the bug has already been reported.
```
